sdl_poll: key down : g
sdl_poll: key down : d
keypress: f down=1 pid=2964
sdl_poll: key down : f
keypress: j down=1 pid=2964
sdl_poll: key down : j
sdl_poll: key up: g
invalid instruction
keypress: j down=0 pid=2964
sdl_poll: key up: j
sdl_poll: key down : g
sdl_poll: key up: d
keypress: f down=0 pid=2964
sdl_poll: key up: f
sdl_poll: key down : k
sdl_poll: key down : d
sdl_poll: key up: g
sdl_poll: key up: k
keypress: f down=1 pid=2964
sdl_poll: key down : f
keypress: j down=1 pid=2964
sdl_poll: key down : j
sdl_poll: key down : g
sdl_poll: key down : k
keypress: j down=0 pid=2964
sdl_poll: key up: j
sdl_poll: key up: d
keypress: f down=0 pid=2964
sdl_poll: key up: f
invalid instruction
invalid instruction
keypress: j down=1 pid=2964
sdl_poll: key down : j
sdl_poll: key up: k
invalid instruction
sdl_poll: key down : d
keypress: f down=1 pid=2964
sdl_poll: key down : f
sdl_poll: key down : k
sdl_poll: key up: g
keypress: j down=0 pid=2964
sdl_poll: key up: j
keypress: j down=1 pid=2964
sdl_poll: key down : j
sdl_poll: key up: k
sdl_poll: key up: d
sdl_poll: key down : g
keypress: f down=0 pid=2964
sdl_poll: key up: f
keypress: j down=0 pid=2964
sdl_poll: key up: j
sdl_poll: key down : k
sdl_poll: key down : d
keypress: f down=1 pid=2964
sdl_poll: key down : f
keypress: j down=1 pid=2964
sdl_poll: key down : j
sdl_poll: key up: g
sdl_poll: key up: k
keypress: j down=0 pid=2964
sdl_poll: key up: j
sdl_poll: key down : g
sdl_poll: key up: d
keypress: f down=0 pid=2964
sdl_poll: key up: f
sdl_poll: key up: g
sdl_poll: key down : g
invalid instruction
invalid instruction
sdl_poll: key down : r
sdl_poll: key down : e
invalid instruction
sdl_poll: key up: g
sdl_poll: key up: e
sdl_poll: key down : g
sdl_poll: key up: g
sdl_poll: key up: r
sdl_poll: key down : u
sdl_poll: key down : e
sdl_poll: key down : r
sdl_poll: key up: u
sdl_poll: key down : i
sdl_poll: key up: e
sdl_poll: key down : t
sdl_poll: key down : u
sdl_poll: key up: r
sdl_poll: key up: i
sdl_poll: key down : r
sdl_poll: key down : i
sdl_poll: key up: t
sdl_poll: key up: u
sdl_poll: key down : e
sdl_poll: key up: e
sdl_poll: key down : t
sdl_poll: key up: i
sdl_poll: key up: r
sdl_poll: key down : u
invalid instruction
invalid instruction
invalid instruction
sdl_poll: key down : e
sdl_poll: key down : r
sdl_poll: key down : i
sdl_poll: key up: u
sdl_poll: key up: t
sdl_poll: key up: i
sdl_poll: key down : u
sdl_poll: key down : t
sdl_poll: key up: e
sdl_poll: key up: r
sdl_poll: key up: u
sdl_poll: key up: t
sdl_poll: key down : e
sdl_poll: key down : r
sdl_poll: key down : y
sdl_poll: key down : t
sdl_poll: key up: e
sdl_poll: key up: r
sdl_poll: key down : r
sdl_poll: key down : e
sdl_poll: key up: t
sdl_poll: key up: y
sdl_poll: key down : y
sdl_poll: key down : t
sdl_poll: key up: e
sdl_poll: key up: r
sdl_poll: key up: y
sdl_poll: key down : y
invalid instruction
invalid instruction
invalid instruction
sdl_poll: key down : 3
sdl_poll: key up: t
sdl_poll: key up: y
sdl_poll: key down : 4
sdl_poll: key down : 8
sdl_poll: key up: 3
sdl_poll: key down : 7
sdl_poll: key down : 5
sdl_poll: key up: 8
sdl_poll: key up: 4
sdl_poll: key up: 7
sdl_poll: key down : 3
sdl_poll: key down : 8
sdl_poll: key down : 4
sdl_poll: key up: 5
sdl_poll: key down : 7
sdl_poll: key up: 8
sdl_poll: key down : 5
sdl_poll: key up: 3
sdl_poll: key up: 7
sdl_poll: key up: 4
sdl_poll: key down : 8
sdl_poll: key down : 7
sdl_poll: key up: 8
sdl_poll: key down : 4
sdl_poll: key down : 3
sdl_poll: key up: 5
sdl_poll: key up: 7
invalid instruction
invalid instruction
sdl_poll: key down : 5
sdl_poll: key up: 3
invalid instruction
sdl_poll: key up: 4
sdl_poll: key down : 6
sdl_poll: key up: 5
sdl_poll: key up: 6
sdl_poll: key down : 6
sdl_poll: key down : 5
sdl_poll: key up: 6
sdl_poll: key down : 4
sdl_poll: key down : 3
sdl_poll: key up: 5
sdl_poll: key down : 6
sdl_poll: key up: 3
sdl_poll: key up: 4
sdl_poll: key down : 5
sdl_poll: key up: 6
sdl_poll: key down : 6
sdl_poll: key up: 5
sdl_poll: key up: 6
invalid instruction
invalid instruction
invalid instruction
sdl_poll: key down : c
sdl_poll: key down : n
sdl_poll: key down : b
sdl_poll: key up: n
sdl_poll: key up: c
sdl_poll: key down : n
sdl_poll: key down : v
sdl_poll: key down : c
sdl_poll: key up: b
sdl_poll: key up: n
sdl_poll: key down : b
sdl_poll: key up: c
invalid instruction
sdl_poll: key up: v
invalid instruction
sdl_poll: key down : c
invalid instruction
sdl_poll: key down : v
sdl_poll: key up: b
sdl_poll: key down : ,
sdl_poll: key up: ,
sdl_poll: key down : b
sdl_poll: key up: c
sdl_poll: key up: v
sdl_poll: key down : c
sdl_poll: key down : v
sdl_poll: key down : m
sdl_poll: key up: b
sdl_poll: key up: m
sdl_poll: key up: c
sdl_poll: key down : b
sdl_poll: key up: v
sdl_poll: key down : m
sdl_poll: key down : c
invalid instruction
sdl_poll: key up: m
invalid instruction
sdl_poll: key down : v
invalid instruction
sdl_poll: key up: b
sdl_poll: key down : m
sdl_poll: key up: m
sdl_poll: key down : m
sdl_poll: key down : b
sdl_poll: key up: m
sdl_poll: key up: c
sdl_poll: key up: v
sdl_poll: key down : c
sdl_poll: key up: b
sdl_poll: key up: c
sdl_poll: key down : d
keypress: f down=1 pid=2964
sdl_poll: key down : f
sdl_poll: key down : g
sdl_poll: key up: d
keypress: f down=0 pid=2964
sdl_poll: key up: f
invalid instruction
invalid instruction
invalid instruction
sdl_poll: key down : d
keypress: f down=1 pid=2964
sdl_poll: key down : f
sdl_poll: key down : h
sdl_poll: key up: g
sdl_poll: key down : g
sdl_poll: key up: d
keypress: f down=0 pid=2964
sdl_poll: key up: f
sdl_poll: key up: h
keypress: f down=1 pid=2964
sdl_poll: key down : f
sdl_poll: key down : d
sdl_poll: key up: g
sdl_poll: key down : k
sdl_poll: key up: d
sdl_poll: key up: k
sdl_poll: key down : g
keypress: f down=0 pid=2964
sdl_poll: key up: f
sdl_poll: key down : k
sdl_poll: key up: g
keypress: j down=1 pid=2964
sdl_poll: key down : j
sdl_poll: key up: k
keypress: f down=1 pid=2964
sdl_poll: key down : f
invalid instruction
invalid instruction
invalid instruction
keypress: j down=0 pid=2964
sdl_poll: key up: j
keypress: j down=1 pid=2964
sdl_poll: key down : j
sdl_poll: key down : g
sdl_poll: key down : d
keypress: f down=0 pid=2964
sdl_poll: key up: f
sdl_poll: key down : h
keypress: j down=0 pid=2964
sdl_poll: key up: j
sdl_poll: key up: d
keypress: j down=1 pid=2964
sdl_poll: key down : j
keypress: f down=1 pid=2964
sdl_poll: key down : f
sdl_poll: key up: h
sdl_poll: key up: g
sdl_poll: key down : g
keypress: j down=0 pid=2964
sdl_poll: key up: j
sdl_poll: key down : h
keypress: f down=0 pid=2964
sdl_poll: key up: f
sdl_poll: key up: h
invalid instruction
invalid instruction
sdl_poll: key down : h
invalid instruction
sdl_poll: key up: g
keypress: j down=1 pid=2964
sdl_poll: key down : j
sdl_poll: key up: h
keypress: f down=1 pid=2964
sdl_poll: key down : f
sdl_poll: key down : d
keypress: j down=0 pid=2964
sdl_poll: key up: j
sdl_poll: key down : k
sdl_poll: key down : g
keypress: f down=0 pid=2964
sdl_poll: key up: f
sdl_poll: key up: d
sdl_poll: key down : h
sdl_poll: key up: k
sdl_poll: key up: h
keypress: f down=1 pid=2964
sdl_poll: key down : f
invalid instruction
invalid instruction
invalid instruction
keypress: f down=0 pid=2964
sdl_poll: key up: f
sdl_poll: key down : h
sdl_poll: key up: g
sdl_poll: key up: h
sdl_poll: key down : h
sdl_poll: key up: h
sdl_poll: key down : h
sdl_poll: key up: h
sdl_poll: key down : h
sdl_poll: key up: h
sdl_poll: key down : h
invalid instruction
sdl_poll: key up: h
sdl_poll: key down : d
invalid instruction
sdl_poll: key down : g
invalid instruction
keypress: f down=1 pid=2964
sdl_poll: key down : f
sdl_poll: key down : k
sdl_poll: key up: g
sdl_poll: key up: k
sdl_poll: key up: d
sdl_poll: key down : g
keypress: f down=0 pid=2964
sdl_poll: key up: f
sdl_poll: key down : d
keypress: f down=1 pid=2964
sdl_poll: key down : f
sdl_poll: key up: g
sdl_poll: key up: d
keypress: f down=0 pid=2964
sdl_poll: key up: f
sdl_poll: key down : g
sdl_poll: key down : u
sdl_poll: key down : e
sdl_poll: key up: g
sdl_poll: key up: u
sdl_poll: key down : r
sdl_poll: key down : u
sdl_poll: key down : y
sdl_poll: key up: e
invalid instruction
sdl_poll: key up: u
invalid instruction
sdl_poll: key up: r
invalid instruction
sdl_poll: key up: y
sdl_poll: key down : u
sdl_poll: key down : y
sdl_poll: key down : t
sdl_poll: key up: u
sdl_poll: key down : r
sdl_poll: key up: y
sdl_poll: key down : e
sdl_poll: key down : u
sdl_poll: key up: t
sdl_poll: key down : y
sdl_poll: key up: u
sdl_poll: key down : t
sdl_poll: key up: e
sdl_poll: key up: y
sdl_poll: key up: r
sdl_poll: key up: t
sdl_poll: key down : 3
sdl_poll: key down : 4
sdl_poll: key down : 6
sdl_poll: key down : 5
sdl_poll: key up: 3
sdl_poll: key up: 6
sdl_poll: key down : 8
sdl_poll: key up: 4
invalid instruction
invalid instruction
sdl_poll: key up: 8
sdl_poll: key down : 6
invalid instruction
sdl_poll: key down : 7
sdl_poll: key down : 4
sdl_poll: key down : 3
sdl_poll: key up: 6
sdl_poll: key up: 5
sdl_poll: key up: 7
sdl_poll: key down : 6
sdl_poll: key up: 6
sdl_poll: key down : 7
sdl_poll: key down : 5
sdl_poll: key down : 8
sdl_poll: key up: 4
sdl_poll: key up: 3
sdl_poll: key up: 7
sdl_poll: key down : 6
sdl_poll: key down : 4
sdl_poll: key down : 3
sdl_poll: key up: 5
sdl_poll: key up: 6
sdl_poll: key up: 3
sdl_poll: key down : 5
sdl_poll: key up: 8
sdl_poll: key up: 4
sdl_poll: key down : 6
sdl_poll: key down : 8
sdl_poll: key down : 7
sdl_poll: key up: 6
sdl_poll: key down : 3
sdl_poll: key up: 5
sdl_poll: key down : 4
sdl_poll: key up: 8
sdl_poll: key up: 7
sdl_poll: key down : 8
invalid instruction
invalid instruction
sdl_poll: key up: 3
sdl_poll: key up: 8
invalid instruction
sdl_poll: key down : 7
sdl_poll: key up: 4
sdl_poll: key up: 7
sdl_poll: key down : 5
sdl_poll: key down : 4
sdl_poll: key up: 5
sdl_poll: key up: 4
sdl_poll: key down : 7
sdl_poll: key up: 7
sdl_poll: key down : 8
sdl_poll: key up: 8
invalid instruction
invalid instruction
sdl_poll: key down : 8
invalid instruction
sdl_poll: key up: 8
sdl_poll: key down : 8
sdl_poll: key up: 8
sdl_poll: key down : 8
sdl_poll: key up: 8
sdl_poll: key down : 7
sdl_poll: key up: 7
sdl_poll: key down : 7
sdl_poll: key up: 7
sdl_poll: key down : 7
sdl_poll: key up: 7
sdl_poll: key down : 7
sdl_poll: key up: 7
invalid instruction
invalid instruction
sdl_poll: key down : 3
sdl_poll: key down : 7
invalid instruction
sdl_poll: key down : 4
sdl_poll: key up: 7
sdl_poll: key down : 5
sdl_poll: key down : 7
sdl_poll: key up: 3
sdl_poll: key up: 4
sdl_poll: key up: 7
sdl_poll: key down : 4
sdl_poll: key down : 3
sdl_poll: key up: 5
sdl_poll: key down : 6
sdl_poll: key down : 5
sdl_poll: key up: 3
sdl_poll: key up: 4
sdl_poll: key up: 6
sdl_poll: key down : 6
sdl_poll: key up: 5
sdl_poll: key up: 6
sdl_poll: key down : 6
sdl_poll: key up: 6
invalid instruction
sdl_poll: key down : 5
sdl_poll: key down : 6
invalid instruction
invalid instruction
sdl_poll: key up: 6
sdl_poll: key down : 4
sdl_poll: key down : 3
sdl_poll: key up: 5
sdl_poll: key down : 7
sdl_poll: key down : 5
sdl_poll: key up: 7
sdl_poll: key up: 4
sdl_poll: key up: 3
sdl_poll: key down : 7
sdl_poll: key down : 6
sdl_poll: key down : 4
sdl_poll: key down : 3
sdl_poll: key up: 5
sdl_poll: key up: 7
sdl_poll: key up: 6
sdl_poll: key down : 6
sdl_poll: key down : 5
sdl_poll: key up: 4
sdl_poll: key up: 6
sdl_poll: key up: 5
sdl_poll: key up: 3
invalid instruction
invalid instruction
invalid instruction
sdl_poll: key down : h
keypress: f down=1 pid=2964
sdl_poll: key down : f
sdl_poll: key up: h
keypress: f down=0 pid=2964
sdl_poll: key up: f
sdl_poll: key down : m
sdl_poll: key down : v
sdl_poll: key down : b
sdl_poll: key down : n
sdl_poll: key down : c
invalid instruction
invalid instruction
sdl_poll: key up: b
sdl_poll: key up: n
invalid instruction
sdl_poll: key down : n
sdl_poll: key up: m
sdl_poll: key down : b
sdl_poll: key up: n
sdl_poll: key up: c
sdl_poll: key down : m
sdl_poll: key up: v
sdl_poll: key down : n
sdl_poll: key up: m
sdl_poll: key down : m
sdl_poll: key down : v
sdl_poll: key down : c
sdl_poll: key up: b
sdl_poll: key up: n
sdl_poll: key down : n
sdl_poll: key up: m
sdl_poll: key down : b
sdl_poll: key up: c
sdl_poll: key down : m
sdl_poll: key up: n
sdl_poll: key up: v
sdl_poll: key down : n
sdl_poll: key up: m
sdl_poll: key down : c
sdl_poll: key down : v
sdl_poll: key up: n
sdl_poll: key up: b
sdl_poll: key down : m
sdl_poll: key down : n
sdl_poll: key up: c
sdl_poll: key down : b
sdl_poll: key up: m
sdl_poll: key up: n
sdl_poll: key up: v
sdl_poll: key up: b
invalid instruction
invalid instruction
invalid instruction
invalid instruction
invalid instruction
invalid instruction
stop: wait start
stop: wait end
